# -*- muttrc -*-
#mailboxes !
mailboxes =INBOX
mailboxes =lists/announce
mailboxes =lists/se-list
mailboxes =lists/salab
mailboxes =lists/se-east
mailboxes =lists/managers
mailboxes =lists/android
mailboxes =lists/rdu-list
mailboxes =lists/memo-list
mailboxes =lists/media-monitor
mailboxes =lists/cloud-strat
mailboxes =lists/security-tech
mailboxes =lists/oss-sec
mailboxes =lists/bugzilla
mailboxes =----------------
mailboxes =y-low/cee
mailboxes =y-low/satellite
mailboxes =y-low/sme-sysmgt
mailboxes =lists/rhev-tech
mailboxes =y-low/tech-list
mailboxes =y-low/sme-storage
mailboxes =y-low/openshift
mailboxes =y-low/friday-list
mailboxes =y-low/puppet
mailboxes =y-low/atomic
mailboxes =y-low/shadowpeople

# vim: syntax=muttrc
